Improve Microsoft Defender for Endpoint auth permissions docs (#40501)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/ReleaseNotes/1_19_0.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Defender for Endpoint

> Added support for **microsoft-atp-list-auth-permissions** command that gets the permissions from the decoded JSON Web Token (JWT) from the authentication process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new command **microsoft-atp-list-auth-permissions** to get the permissions of the currently configured user.
```
